Update `BUILDING.md` and `PUBLISHING-AWS.md` to mention need for aws creds (#2334)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket: BUILDING.md

To use the image in Amazon EC2, we need to register the image as an AMI.

To do this, you'll need to have your AWS account credentials setup on your system.

> There are lots of ways to do this but usually it's through [the `aws` CLI](https://aws.amazon.com/cli/) via its `configure` command with your user's access and secret keys.

Reviewer: Small rephrase to remove the "usually": 
```
There are many ways to do this; one method is using the `aws` CLI](https://aws.amazon.com/cli/) via its `configure` command with your user's access and secret keys.
```

> If you're using an EC2 instance, you can use [EC2's assumed IAM role](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/iam-roles-for-amazon-ec2.html) to interact with that same AWS account.

Reviewer 2: nit: this wording implies that there's something that can be done, but doesn't say how to do it.

```suggestion
If you're using an EC2 instance, the [EC2 instance's IAM role](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/iam-roles-for-amazon-ec2.html) will be used automatically if available.
```

To use the image in Amazon EC2, we need to register the image as an AMI.

To do this, you'll need to have your AWS account credentials setup on your system.

> There are lots of ways to do this but usually it's through [the `aws` CLI](https://aws.amazon.com/cli/) via it's `configure` command

Reviewer 3: nit: For the second `it's`, it is possessive and should actually be `its`.

> with your user's access and secret keys.

Reviewer 3: Our project convention for markdown is to have one sentence per line, regardless of line length. (I'm still trying to adjust to that! :D)

Author: Oh gotcha! I was not aware! Thanks Sean!
